So let us write a function is happy number by passing the
number to be checked into the function and returns
an integer that is the result of checking.
We will use two pointers slow and fast
So declare and initialise both slow and fast to num
so write int slow equal to num and fast equal to num
after that until both slow and fast meet again
We need to find digit square sequence so write
do while slow not equal to fast. Slow will find sum of
square of digits one step at a time. So write
slow equal to digitSquareSum of slow and fast
will find sum of square of digits two steps at
a time.
So write fast equal to digitSquareSum of digits
square sum of fast. This loop will end when both
slow and fast points the same number. If it is one,
the given number is a happy number.
Otherwise it is not a happy number.
So finally returned slow equal to equal to one
If slow is one it will return one
Otherwise it will return zero. Now let us write
the logic for sum of square of all digits.
So here we pass the number into the function and
it will return the sum of square of its digits
So what we have to do here is split the digits
find it's square and add it to sum variable
So first declare and initialise sum to 0. Now to split
digits, use a while loop while num greater than zero
use mod 10 operation to get the last digit.
So write int mod equal to num mod 10. Now find
its square and add it to sum. So write
sum+= mod * mod
Now divide the number by 10 to remove the last digit.
So write num divided by equal to 10
So after this while loop completes, the sum of squares
of digits of num will be in variable sum. So return it.